Magalie Marcellus: Good. You
Kelley Briscar: I'm okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Today,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, little bit
Magalie Marcellus: You sound the same place.
Magalie Marcellus: I had things going for you.
Kelley Briscar: Pretty good, nothing really new to report, you know,
Kelley Briscar: What
Magalie Marcellus: I know you're still working.
Magalie Marcellus: Long term solution for the housing. So when you are with
It.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: About the same place. It's not really much out there so far. But I mean we're managing your well the cast is dropped out in the room. So in the left money per week, which has helped out a lot.
And
Kelley Briscar: That he got a little rain again so that
Kelley Briscar: Would be
Kelley Briscar: Pretty good.
Magalie Marcellus: So what's the goal.
Kelley Briscar: The government could get it. No Hartman or
Kelley Briscar: If you had money to be agile.
Kelley Briscar: Matter of when something becomes available that, you know, we're happy with, and that we send
Kelley Briscar: Someone to us. Just right now pretty scary areas that we really don't
Kelley Briscar: Go into so
Kelley Briscar: We're looking at my mom. Check the paper every day.
Kelley Briscar: I go online, you know,
Kelley Briscar: And they're pretty happy here and the other than we're still waiting on the bigger room.
Kelley Briscar: Feels like for up there.
Magalie Marcellus: Just setting. Good idea.
Okay.
Kelley Briscar: No, no, but I keep ending, so it's okay.
Kelley Briscar: But i mean i don't know if i don't know if I've talked to
Kelley Briscar: Be moved into a kind of a in between room. It's a little bit bigger than the one that we were
Magalie Marcellus: Not as
Kelley Briscar: Nice. Yeah. Yeah, but it's not as big and as nice as the one we're waiting on at least one is
Magalie Marcellus: He getting what you had initially
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, no.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, so I mean they're they're real nice, you know, nice and commented up in the meantime while we wait for this man Timely, precise, you know, ready to leave so
Magalie Marcellus: So, are you able to like
Magalie Marcellus: Do
Magalie Marcellus: You know what you normally do an hour apart.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, yeah, yeah, we have a
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, it's like a kitchen.
Magalie Marcellus: And I've got a fridge rater
Kelley Briscar: Microwave you know cabinet.
Kelley Briscar: You know, kind of like its own little
Kelley Briscar: kitchen area.
Kelley Briscar: It's like a little studio and
Kelley Briscar: The other one that we're waiting on his face. Definitely more like y'all know apartments and
Kelley Briscar: Ethan
Kelley Briscar: And I felt a little bedroom area.
Kelley Briscar: Kitchen a hallway and you know the bathroom stuff so
Kelley Briscar: This is amazing for an extended a face made for people that you know
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah least more than a few days.
Kelley Briscar: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So how does it work with you and
Magalie Marcellus: Your fiance with being a smaller space now that you guys have to be sharing
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, I mean, it's a knock on wood, then. Okay.
You know, even mean again.
Kelley Briscar: We don't. We haven't gotten on each other's nerves to digest.
Kelley Briscar: So, okay.
Kelley Briscar: But he's at work, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Like six days a week, so
Kelley Briscar: Break from that side. Don't know.
Kelley Briscar: But I mean, like I said, Malcolm was weeping for the most part, you know, 98 for time getting along pretty well.
As
Magalie Marcellus: Well, so what do you think made that change.
Kelley Briscar: Well, I definitely think the job change and a big
Kelley Briscar: You know, who was it
Kelley Briscar: Cold turkey and I went out the window. Not that he can, but it's just not you know
Magalie Marcellus: That that was
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: And you know, you seem to like the job he's doing, you know, Kathy, the way they're happy him.
Kelley Briscar: Out.
Kelley Briscar: On the
Ice anyway.
Kelley Briscar: So,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Oh, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Looking into some GB classes, you know, to start, so I can get that going.
Kelley Briscar: And then I, you know, my favorite. My cat and minister to you around here today. I lost close and you know I keep the room clean myself. I don't have to make a man And you know
And so
Kelley Briscar: Here and different things like that, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Hey, we'll get out anything close by, where you can
Magalie Marcellus: You can
Kelley Briscar: Travel on that on
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, this early down
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, down the street from us. So I mean, tomorrow, I suppose, to effectively get it.
Kelley Briscar: Exactly like this kind of check off of medications, I need to find
Kelley Briscar: So, you know, get out.
Kelley Briscar: For that my. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: I see a doctor.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah yeah
Kelley Briscar: My primary not
Kelley Briscar: Just follow me getting
Kelley Briscar: legit. Yeah, it's a checkup kind of a thing.
Kelley Briscar: Medication be filled. So
Magalie Marcellus: Is that for anxiety.
Kelley Briscar: No. No. Neither did my life. But if I do my best. You know,
Magalie Marcellus: The. Okay. So has your back end.
Magalie Marcellus: Up doing
Kelley Briscar: For the most part, I mean load better than what I need to be aware. I mean,
Kelley Briscar: You got days here and there, but nothing like what I can do with
Kelley Briscar: Much, much better than
Magalie Marcellus: What it was
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And any incidents.
Kelley Briscar: Pardon me.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I don't know if it's my side or years, there's a lot of feedback. I don't know if it's the
Magalie Marcellus: In the
Kelley Briscar: Yard my headphones. I don't know. I know that you're there live
Kelley Briscar: Either
Magalie Marcellus: Okay cuz I
Were
Kelley Briscar: You down.
Magalie Marcellus: And anybody else.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, yeah. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, okay. Well, we're gonna try to work towards
Magalie Marcellus: OK, so I was accident when you say the back is not as bad, but any cravings, or any incident where you are like you wanted to use
Kelley Briscar: Not really, no. No.
Kelley Briscar: Have you
Magalie Marcellus: Ever been around. Anybody using
Anybody. Oh.
Kelley Briscar: No.
Kelley Briscar: Weekend, the
Kelley Briscar: Weekend or the week before that we finally got the apartment all cleared out
Kelley Briscar: Running over on you know
Magalie Marcellus: So where do you have your suffering from the appointment.
Kelley Briscar: Well, most of that we most of it. We ended up happening, please let me know and and what we were able to take is that my mother's
Kelley Briscar: But I'm
Kelley Briscar: Done so
Kelley Briscar: The way that their
Magalie Marcellus: Dad.
Kelley Briscar: And my brother help. And then my dad. Yes. Oh.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: How's your son doing
Kelley Briscar: Pretty good hanging in there with the with the kid, you know, my other son has moved out loud.
Kelley Briscar: Everyone to come to the kid.
Kelley Briscar: Still looking for a job.
Kelley Briscar: When it can be over. They didn't end up working out so your
Magalie Marcellus: Job jumped down where cars. Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: No doubt ended up ended up falling through
Kelley Briscar: So what do you still put in, you know, any application looking stuff.
Kelley Briscar: Okay.
Kelley Briscar: I'm not going back to, you know, go where you know you get you give up easily. You know, that's one thing about you get frustrated. They're very down on themselves, you know, and
Kelley Briscar: I don't want to freeze dry. There's a workout. It's
Kelley Briscar: Just not going to survive, other things. So trying to talk with them on that one. That's not
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Kelley Briscar: You know, trying
Kelley Briscar: You know, one or two, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Still looking in an application. And I didn't leave that open house away from has been stuck in the
Kelley Briscar: Mud
Kelley Briscar: So it's still really about what about
Kelley Briscar: That
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, okay, I'm missing some information bits and pieces. You want to try and let me see if you take the video and whether it be a little easier.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
Kelley Briscar: Without that, though.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Child. Time to head.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, I think about this place, though the connection is not
Kelley Briscar: What I hear
Magalie Marcellus: But
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So you are saying so.
Magalie Marcellus: Your son.
Magalie Marcellus: So he's there with his dad did he move out.
Kelley Briscar: He's, he's still with his father.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so no cuz I know you were thinking of moving out, you know, with the job once he had a job.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, right.
Kelley Briscar: Right.
Kelley Briscar: Right now obviously still no doubt, so can move out. So yeah, he's kind of
Kelley Briscar: Still kind of
Magalie Marcellus: Stop, stop.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Okay. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: He needs to be able to keep a
Job.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, don't get one. Actually, I don't think the key thing. It'll be a problem. It's just the actual getting, you know, I hear that seems to be lacking.
Kelley Briscar: So,
Kelley Briscar: I mean, I think I'll get it together just
Kelley Briscar: Take some time.
Kelley Briscar: But he's handling being his dad's pretty well you know he's not doing its normal stuff that he normally would do complaining or whining or anything like that. He's not doing any of that. So, which makes it easier for me because then I don't
Magalie Marcellus: Feel bad. Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Right, I wouldn't let him know. I feel bad, but I would feel bad inside. If I knew he was, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Miserable there. And luckily, if he is miserable is keeping it to themselves. So
Kelley Briscar: Which is a change in itself. When I started, you know, normally, he has no problem voicing is done, happiness, you know,
Where
Kelley Briscar: These guys have been doing that, you know, he's pretty positive one. I do talk to them.
Magalie Marcellus: That's a good thing.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, interested in me and actually and I like doing, you know, more so than just about him.
Kelley Briscar: I find, you know, I mean other than the happiness and the job saying we got along well, you know, other than those two issues. You know, so I mean in a lot of ways. I miss them, you know, but
Kelley Briscar: You know, we still keep in touch and
Kelley Briscar: So,
Magalie Marcellus: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: The housing situation doesn't happen.
Magalie Marcellus: As well so
Right.
Magalie Marcellus: What you guys are communicating and he's still trying to get find his way. And so you can be
Magalie Marcellus: Independent even when you do get your space at least you know
Magalie Marcellus: At maybe in the future, right, he is
Magalie Marcellus: Able to take a certain responsibility, maybe we can look into. You guys getting back together. But he needs to be able to maintain a job.
Kelley Briscar: He had his own
Magalie Marcellus: One.
Magalie Marcellus: That he should be able to do
It.
Kelley Briscar: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and your daughter, she's
Kelley Briscar: Calling you
Kelley Briscar: Need something
Kelley Briscar: Still Yeah, same type of. Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Mm hmm.
Kelley Briscar: After last week, I guess it was basically just, you know, stable crap. You know, so
Magalie Marcellus: That she knows
Kelley Briscar: She knows where I'm at and stuff.
Magalie Marcellus: As she has she visited with you.
Magalie Marcellus: Anytime recently.
Kelley Briscar: Stopped by your once
Kelley Briscar: It's been about a month since that's in there.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: When she was here. Actually, we read the apartment. Last time I saw her that's gone got there for that week or two.
Kelley Briscar: And that was like the last time I saw her. So yeah, it's been a little over a month since I've been there since the beginning here on Sunday. It's been one since we came back here. So yeah, it's been a little
Kelley Briscar: sad eyes on it.
Kelley Briscar: I don't know what to do for her anymore.
Magalie Marcellus: This at this time. There's nothing I can do. She has all the resources available or
Magalie Marcellus: She needs to be able to use them.
Kelley Briscar: I know
Kelley Briscar: Just some it's just so frustrating. You know, I mean,
Kelley Briscar: You know what she's done it before. This
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Kelley Briscar: I don't know. But if I sit there and allow myself. I'll just go crazy, you know, in my own head, and I can't, I can't do it for her, you know, I mean, I like to
Kelley Briscar: Do is, that'd be there for her when when she needs me and take care of myself, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Mm hmm.
Magalie Marcellus: Does he have to be healthy, in order to be a little help. And also, if I'm issue, creating anxiety filled in. That's nice, be healthy for you.
You have to a
Magalie Marcellus: Difficult, but you have to look at
Magalie Marcellus: What's going to be
Magalie Marcellus: What we will help you. What's beneficial to you right now. I'm worried about her or taking care of
Kelley Briscar: Me, I was
Kelley Briscar: Very young
Kelley Briscar: I don't know. I mean, I was thinking yesterday, the other day about it. It's like a dog. I mean, like on the 19th of this month I'll have a year that I
Wow.
Magalie Marcellus: Way. That's a long time.
Magalie Marcellus: And this time.
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: I feel like
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: I'm really proud of myself.
Kelley Briscar: You know i mean stuff and I
Kelley Briscar: You know I
Kelley Briscar: Saw you know
Kelley Briscar: In some ways, it feels like it went by so fast. And then in other ways. It's just like it's been a long
Kelley Briscar: year of my life do
It.
Kelley Briscar: You know,
Magalie Marcellus: accomplish a lot within that
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and and
Kelley Briscar: Goals and things I never thought I would you know
Magalie Marcellus: Be able to do
Kelley Briscar: That now you know I have that all in front of me. I just got to get
Kelley Briscar: A fresh slate.
Doing it you
Kelley Briscar: Know bumps in the road like the tiger and all that crap you know to get in the way, but
Kelley Briscar: Now things are starting to slow down a little bit. It's time to refocus side and, you know, get my GED, going to school to get something that's really important to me. You know, I wanna do that. So let's talk about that. I actually have to do it, you know.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, you have the
Magalie Marcellus: Information. Just now you have two
Kelley Briscar: Slides already
Magalie Marcellus: Put in those
Magalie Marcellus: Those action plan and sour.
Kelley Briscar: Ready.
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So sort of JD, and eventually go back to school.
Magalie Marcellus: Any sort of
Magalie Marcellus: I know you
Magalie Marcellus: Thought about as well but
Is that
Magalie Marcellus: Or maybe something, you know,
Kelley Briscar: Things happen I
Magalie Marcellus: You say nothing seemed to happen. They don't have any openings in your
Kelley Briscar: Area or
Magalie Marcellus: What's going on, what's
Kelley Briscar: Up so I don't know if it's you know it's been a very long time since I've worked
Magalie Marcellus: But
Kelley Briscar: It doesn't take away from the experience that I had because I had done these jobs before
Magalie Marcellus: My
Kelley Briscar: I don't know. I just know that you know something seems promising nothing seems to ever end up coming out of it, you know.
Magalie Marcellus: So maybe I'm
Kelley Briscar: Supposed to go back to school. You know, maybe that's why my sound weird, but maybe that's why you know these other things happened like worked out because you know I'm supposed to go back to get my GED. And I supposed to go to that.
Kelley Briscar: School, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: So, so what's the reservation. Right.
Now with the school.
Kelley Briscar: What's the blood
Magalie Marcellus: What's your reservation or what's the whole
Magalie Marcellus: Back.
Magalie Marcellus: Which you start into social things like that all down.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you want
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, and going to a class with
Kelley Briscar: Patience.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, but I've spoken with my mother, and there's a boss, that's
Magalie Marcellus: Right over here.
Kelley Briscar: Oh can find me.
Kelley Briscar: You know, in drivable as well as US distance, you know, I mean, I just had to really buckle down and look, I know there's gotta be something around here.
Kelley Briscar: You know, just like I started meet you. I'm very leery about this test.
Kelley Briscar: I see myself failing it because
Kelley Briscar: I don't want you
Magalie Marcellus: Can yeah i mean
Magalie Marcellus: By the end, so you can have
Kelley Briscar: Know, well, but I did go for some classes, not a couple years ago and I
Moved
Kelley Briscar: Me I you know I was just like, it was like they were speaking a foreign language to me.
Magalie Marcellus: Was done
With everything else.
Kelley Briscar: Oh boy.
Magalie Marcellus: But you need. Sometimes you need the right
Magalie Marcellus: He chose
Magalie Marcellus: Because not everybody can just kind of
Magalie Marcellus: Try
Magalie Marcellus: Before you
Magalie Marcellus: Make a decision. You know what it's
Magalie Marcellus: Gonna be difficult. And that anywhere today is we're just gonna have to
Magalie Marcellus: put more effort getting
Done.
Magalie Marcellus: Impossible.
Kelley Briscar: Right, so
Magalie Marcellus: We
Kelley Briscar: Got a pretty good person in mind to something. Usually I, for the most part, accomplished so mad at myself like nine times that I'm good with the matter how many times it takes to keep doing it until I am saying
Magalie Marcellus: And, you know, sometimes what
Magalie Marcellus: They have something
Magalie Marcellus: In our you to either asanas
Magalie Marcellus: What before um
Magalie Marcellus: I have things that can practice. So that's something to consider when you're home. You know,
Magalie Marcellus: And CC can
Magalie Marcellus: Have access
Magalie Marcellus: To some materials and you could see people teaching
Magalie Marcellus: That's another option, while you're waiting
Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Right, it's true to me. I have a very interesting are interested in. I don't know what you would call her you know that school failing college. That's where I will attend. What, what is this
Kelley Briscar: I mean stays in touch with. I mean, not too long ago she sent me
Kelley Briscar: A scene where they were actually I wasn't able to make it because I had something else going on at the time, but
Kelley Briscar: They were having a lunch tour of the school and she
Kelley Briscar: Saw me she's mentoring.
Kelley Briscar: You know about even, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: What I will
Say,
Kelley Briscar: That you know that that's helpful.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, that's right.
Kelley Briscar: I know what I need to do like this guy to do it.
Magalie Marcellus: One step at a time.
Kelley Briscar: Right, I gotta be too. I gotta stop worrying so much about, you know,
Magalie Marcellus: Until you start doing it.
Kelley Briscar: Right, yeah, you know, just let her
Kelley Briscar: Do it.
Kelley Briscar: If it doesn't work out the first time I'm not the only one.
Kelley Briscar: You got it.
Magalie Marcellus: Right. And then, you know, where
Magalie Marcellus: Your strengths and your weaknesses.
Magalie Marcellus: And you know where to focus
On
Kelley Briscar: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: Back in the meantime, whatever you can do in those since you had those downtime.
Magalie Marcellus: And then we'll have
Magalie Marcellus: You know, things are not as good, they used to be.
Kelley Briscar: We would want to
Magalie Marcellus: You know, make use of that.
Magalie Marcellus: This free time that she had
Magalie Marcellus: Boy Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: Around
Kelley Briscar: For a while,
Magalie Marcellus: Huh.
Magalie Marcellus: Went on your
Kelley Briscar: Little today's been really like in the 60s over here.
Kelley Briscar: Guess the supposed to be like that most of the rest of the week.
Kelley Briscar: Or month or so that's the nice to get an outside
A little bit more.
Magalie Marcellus: Way.
Magalie Marcellus: And you guys have
Magalie Marcellus: A sentence was
Kelley Briscar: With the same time you
Magalie Marcellus: Have any concerns and we just stayed with
Magalie Marcellus: The virus going around. Oh.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: A little bit left tomorrow, little instance, we just had 332 thirds cases now in Ohio.
Kelley Briscar: Oh really, and they're all
Kelley Briscar: You know, which is tied to, you know, my area.
Kelley Briscar: Oh, sounds like I'm you know there's that might be going to the doctor tomorrow. And I have to admit I have been a little hesitant.
Kelley Briscar: Now because because you know I
Magalie Marcellus: Don't know what you've been exposed
Magalie Marcellus: To you just have to make
One.
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, like
Magalie Marcellus: Be exposed
Magalie Marcellus: They know so have to live.
Kelley Briscar: Yep, you know,
Kelley Briscar: And I can go places and I have with my anxiety that are good. So I'm just trying to tell myself to you.
Kelley Briscar: Know, so
Kelley Briscar: I know I can get, you know, in general, you know, not just
Kelley Briscar: You know each other well
Magalie Marcellus: This is just an added
Kelley Briscar: Stress. Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: A lot of people, but we, you know, we gotta remember
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, it's
Magalie Marcellus: The ambulance as them that you're making sure you're
Magalie Marcellus: taking those steps necessary to keep yourself safe. So you can run the more
Magalie Marcellus: And more people aren't you know
Magalie Marcellus: Alright, so your appointment is tomorrow.
Kelley Briscar: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: And everything going okay with
Kelley Briscar: My
Kelley Briscar: Literally
Kelley Briscar: 20
Kelley Briscar: Fold it wrong.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I'm losing you
Kelley Briscar: Are you, you know, bottom line. Everything's fine. We had a little bit of a boo boo with my prescription, but that don't
Magalie Marcellus: Lose any days at all.
Kelley Briscar: No, no.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Kelley Briscar: Good.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm happy to get a still going every week.
Kelley Briscar: Every other week.
Magalie Marcellus: And the other week. Now, and that will yeah
Kelley Briscar: Yeah, and she bumped me up now to where I get my almost a month with 28 days supply
Magalie Marcellus: That means your graduate in
Magalie Marcellus: Progress. Yeah.
Kelley Briscar: So that was it. Nice to
Magalie Marcellus: That last song.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, you've been doing. And I'm happy to. Well we studying where you are right now that's
Magalie Marcellus: Good. You know, progress so I'm happy that you are
Magalie Marcellus: You stuck with the you know the
Magalie Marcellus: Program and
Kelley Briscar: Keep doing what
Magalie Marcellus: You're doing. Yeah. And we've got
Kelley Briscar: All these other stressors.
Magalie Marcellus: That added
Magalie Marcellus: You know, in your life, but you still make sure
Magalie Marcellus: That you focus in recovery. That's always
Magalie Marcellus: Covered. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Absolutely.
Kelley Briscar: Why I'm available.
Kelley Briscar: They will like it.
Magalie Marcellus: Would you want a little bit
Differently.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, let me take a look. I know spring break.
Magalie Marcellus: Is coming around so
Kelley Briscar: Right.
Here.
Magalie Marcellus: Nine today some nice
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, we are we have to do is probably gonna be three weeks.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm not sure what's going on with the shrimp week so
Magalie Marcellus: In case i'm not available.
Magalie Marcellus: So it happens before then you can always I can always find a way to meet with you, but the 30th will be
Magalie Marcellus: Three weeks from now.
Magalie Marcellus: They'll be more talkative.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah. So Monday.
Kelley Briscar: Okay.
Sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, all the best and
Magalie Marcellus: Keep working and good luck with
Magalie Marcellus: Congrats on your almost a year.
Magalie Marcellus: And keep working on your cover.
Kelley Briscar: All right, I will talk to you in a couple weeks.
I think of yourself.